README.md, before:

# Laravel Strict

**Laravel** [`8`][laravel-8] + **Docker**
[`shrink/docker-php-api`][shrink/docker-php-api]

Laravel Strict is a Laravel install designed for building high quality
containerised Laravel applications.

* Code quality enforced by [`nunomaduro/phpinsights`][php-insights] and
  [`vimeo/psalm`][psalm]
* Laravel boilerplate removed
* Continuous Delivery using [GitHub Actions][workflows/build] and the GitHub
  Container Registry
* Docker Compose provides a local development environment
* [`Makefile`](Makefile) includes helpful development lifecycle commands
* **All requests served by Laravel** which is ideal for an API

During development you can visit the [`laravel/laravel`][laravel/laravel]
repository to obtain any boilerplate required and explicitly introduce it into
the application, updating it to abide by the coding standards.

:thought_balloon: **Laravel Strict is intended for projects with strict code
quality requirements**, it was created for use in regulated environments where
confidence is more valuable than development speed — therefore it is very strict
and opinionated.

## Getting Started

After creating a new repository from this template, complete the following
steps:

- [ ] Write a description of the project in
      [`README-project.md`][readme-project]
- [ ] in [`.env.example`][.env.example] set a unique `APP_PORT` for the
      application
- [ ] in [`.env.example`][.env.example] set the `SERVICE_PREFIX` (a
      valid [`container name`][docker/name])
- [ ] Fill out [`composer.json`][composer.json] with project metadata
- [ ] Apply the project [Git Hooks][hooks] in your local environment
- [ ] Generate and add a [Personal Access Token][ghcr-pat] to the
      [repository secrets][secrets] using name `GHCR_PAT`
- [ ] Execute `$ mv README-project.md README.md`
- [ ] Commit!

## Notes

* Aliases have been removed from `config/app.php` as they encourage bypassing
  dependency injection.
* The `routes` directory has been removed in favour of explicit route
  registration through a `ServiceProvider` as this encourages developers
  to think about HTTP as one interface into the application — rather than _the_
  application.
* Environment Variables are passed in to the container by Docker Compose: dotenv
  is **not** supported. Environment Variables should be explicitly set for
  each service in [`docker-compose.yml`][dc-config] to emulate how
  environment variables will be provided in production environments. A developer
  can use [`docker-compose.override.yml`][dc-override] to provide values unique
  to their local environment.
* [`.dockerignore`][docker-ignore] excludes all files by default before
  explicitly including paths required by the application. Learn more about this
  approach in [Getting Control Of Your `.dockerignore` Files][ignore-by-default]
  by [@markbirbeck][markbirkbeck].

## Volume `vendor`

By default the `vendor` directory is a mounted volume to maximise performance,
however if you wish for developers to be able to access the contents of the
`vendor` directory you can modify [`docker-compose.yml`][dc-config] like so:

```diff
volumes:
-  - vendor:/srv/vendor
+  - ./vendor:/srv/vendor
```

This will require an additional dependency install as part of the `launch` step
in the `Makefile`, i.e:

```diff
launch: run
+	make install
```

:warning: volume mounting dependencies in this way will reduce application
performance in development by ~10x

[laravel-8]: https://laravel.com/docs/8.x
[shrink/docker-php-api]: https://github.com/shrink/docker-php-api
[php-insights]: https://phpinsights.com
[psalm]: https://psalm.dev
[workflows/build]: .github/workflows/build.yml
[laravel/laravel]: https://github.com/laravel/laravel
[readme-project]: README-project.md
[.env.example]: .env.example
[composer.json]: composer.json
[docker/name]: https://github.com/moby/moby/blob/19.03/daemon/names/names.go#L6
[hooks]: README-project.md#hooks
[ghcr-pat]: https://docs.github.com/en/packages/getting-started-with-github-container-registry/migrating-to-github-container-registry-for-docker-images#authenticating-with-the-container-registry
[secrets]: settings/secrets
[dc-config]: docker-compose.yml
[dc-override]: https://docs.docker.com/compose/extends/#understanding-multiple-compose-files
[docker-ignore]: .dockerignore
[ignore-by-default]: https://youknowfordevs.com/2018/12/07/getting-control-of-your-dockerignore-files.html
[markbirkbeck]: https://github.com/markbirbeck

Commit message:

:sparkles: Add Database service in development environment (#37)
* :construction_worker: Allow docker-compose to use default container name

An explicit `container_name` prevents scaling and is not neccessary.

* :recycle: Bootstrap application with configuration

* :sparkles: Add mysql database service

* :recycle: Remove classmap factories and seeds

* :recycle: Simplify application configuration

* :construction_worker: Build application with laravel storage directories

* :book: Describe configuration changes in scaffold README

* :recycle: Simplify view cache

The default Laravel configuration uses `realpath` to check the directory exists and is writable, but that's not required to run, and since we control the build we do not need that functionality.

README.md, after:

# Laravel Strict

**Laravel** [`8`][laravel-8] + **Docker**
[`shrink/docker-php-api`][shrink/docker-php-api]

Laravel Strict is a Laravel install designed for building high quality
containerised Laravel applications.

* Code quality enforced by [`nunomaduro/phpinsights`][php-insights] and
  [`vimeo/psalm`][psalm]
* Laravel boilerplate removed
* Continuous Delivery using [GitHub Actions][workflows/build] and the GitHub
  Container Registry
* Docker Compose provides a local development environment
* [`Makefile`](Makefile) includes helpful development lifecycle commands
* **All requests served by Laravel** which is ideal for an API

During development you can visit the [`laravel/laravel`][laravel/laravel]
repository to obtain any boilerplate required and explicitly introduce it into
the application, updating it to abide by the coding standards.

:thought_balloon: **Laravel Strict is intended for projects with strict code
quality requirements**, it was created for use in regulated environments where
confidence is more valuable than development speed — therefore it is very strict
and opinionated.

## Getting Started

After creating a new repository from this template, complete the following
steps:

- [ ] Write a description of the project in
      [`README-project.md`][readme-project]
- [ ] in [`.env.example`][.env.example] set a unique `APP_PORT` and `MYSQL_PORT`
      for the application
- [ ] Fill out [`composer.json`][composer.json] with project metadata
- [ ] Apply the project [Git Hooks][hooks] in your local environment
- [ ] Generate and add a [Personal Access Token][ghcr-pat] to the
      [repository secrets][secrets] using name `GHCR_PAT`
- [ ] Execute `$ mv README-project.md README.md`
- [ ] Commit!

## Notes

* Configuration has been moved from `config/*.php` into the application
  bootstrap in [`bootstrap/app.php`][bootstrap] where all additional
  configuration of the application should take place. All of Laravel's optional
  configuration options have been removed, only required configuration is
  included by default.
* Aliases have been removed as they encourage bypassing dependency injection.
* The `routes` directory has been removed in favour of explicit route
  registration through a `ServiceProvider` as this encourages developers
  to think about HTTP as one interface into the application — rather than _the_
  application.
* Environment Variables are passed in to the container by Docker Compose: dotenv
  is **not** supported. Environment Variables should be explicitly set for
  each service in [`docker-compose.yml`][dc-config] to emulate how
  environment variables will be provided in production environments. A developer
  can use [`docker-compose.override.yml`][dc-override] to provide values unique
  to their local environment.
* [`.dockerignore`][docker-ignore] excludes all files by default before
  explicitly including paths required by the application. Learn more about this
  approach in [Getting Control Of Your `.dockerignore` Files][ignore-by-default]
  by [@markbirbeck][markbirkbeck].

## Volume `vendor`

By default the `vendor` directory is a mounted volume to maximise performance,
however if you wish for developers to be able to access the contents of the
`vendor` directory you can modify [`docker-compose.yml`][dc-config] like so:

```diff
volumes:
-  - vendor:/srv/vendor
+  - ./vendor:/srv/vendor
```

This will require an additional dependency install as part of the `launch` step
in the `Makefile`, i.e:

```diff
launch: run
+	make install
```

:warning: volume mounting dependencies in this way will reduce application
performance in development by ~10x

[laravel-8]: https://laravel.com/docs/8.x
[shrink/docker-php-api]: https://github.com/shrink/docker-php-api
[php-insights]: https://phpinsights.com
[psalm]: https://psalm.dev
[workflows/build]: .github/workflows/build.yml
[laravel/laravel]: https://github.com/laravel/laravel
[readme-project]: README-project.md
[.env.example]: .env.example
[composer.json]: composer.json
[docker/name]: https://github.com/moby/moby/blob/19.03/daemon/names/names.go#L6
[hooks]: README-project.md#hooks
[ghcr-pat]: https://docs.github.com/en/packages/getting-started-with-github-container-registry/migrating-to-github-container-registry-for-docker-images#authenticating-with-the-container-registry
[secrets]: settings/secrets
[dc-config]: docker-compose.yml
[dc-override]: https://docs.docker.com/compose/extends/#understanding-multiple-compose-files
[docker-ignore]: .dockerignore
[ignore-by-default]: https://youknowfordevs.com/2018/12/07/getting-control-of-your-dockerignore-files.html
[markbirkbeck]: https://github.com/markbirbeck
[bootstrap]: bootstrap/app.php
