README-project.md, before:

# Project Name

Description of the project here...

## Development

A `Dockerfile` builds the application and a [`docker-compose.yml`][dc-config]
configuration is provided for application orchestration during development.
Developers should only interact with the project through the container(s). A
number of commands are included to aide with this workflow — provided by `make`.

```console
dev:~$ make
```

After launching the development environment you may start making http requests
to [`localhost:8094`](http://localhost:8094).

All tests and code quality checks are ran using the `check` command.

```console
dev:~$ make check
```

Additional commands are included for the development lifecycle, including
`shell`, `logs` and `update` — see [`Makefile`](Makefile) for a full list of
commands.

```console
dev:~$ make require PACKAGE=phpunit/phpunit
```

All code quality checks and tests must run and pass before a commit is made.

### Hooks

A set of Git Hooks are included for ensuring compliance with code requirements,
enable them by running the following command:

```console
dev:~$ git config core.hooksPath .github/hooks
```

[dc-config]: docker-compose.yml

Commit message:

:construction_worker: Configure development environment through service

README-project.md, after:

# Project Name

Description of the project here...

## Development

The application is built as a Docker image defined in
[`Dockerfile`][dockerfile]. Docker Compose provides application orchestration
during development, as defined in [`docker-compose.yml`][dc-config]. Developers
should only interact with the project through the container(s). A number of
commands are included to aide with this workflow — provided by `make`.

```console
dev:~$ make
»» Launched application at http://localhost:8094
```

A full list of supported commands is available in [`Makefile`](Makefile) —
including `check`, `shell`, `logs`, `upgrade`, `build` and more.
[Modern Make][mmake] is recommended to gain a dynamic command list using
`make help`.

### Quality

Code quality is verified using the `check` command which executes all test
suites, performs static analysis and generates code insights.

```console
dev:~$ make check
```

### Hooks

A pre-commit Git Hook is included for ensuring compliance with code
requirements on commit, enable the Git Hook by running the following command:

```console
dev:~$ git config core.hooksPath .github/hooks
```

[dockerfile]: Dockerfile
[dc-config]: docker-compose.yml
[mmake]: https://github.com/tj/mmake
